Add Rationale (#2)
rmrk-team/SoubloundEIP: README.md

interface IERCx is IERC165 {
    /**
     * @notice Used to check whether the given token is soulbound or not.

>      * @dev If this function returns `true`, the transfer of the token MUST be made impossible

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     * @dev If this function returns `true`, the transfer of the token MUST revert execution
```
WDYT?

Author: Perfect! 👌

Designing the proposal, we considered the following questions:

1. **Should we propose another Soulbound NFT proposal even if there are already existing ones?**\
   This proposal aims to provide the minimum necessary specification, as none of the existing proposals have presented the minimal required interface for the NFTs to be soulbound.

> 2. **How does this proposal compare to the other proposals?**\

Reviewer: I feel this 2 questions are too similar and repetitive, I would merge them.
